Feature/vector object server (#766)
ros-navigation/docs.nav2.org: configuration/packages/configuring-map-server.rst

        mask_topic: "filter_mask"
        base: 0.0
        multiplier: 0.25

.. _vector_object_server:

> Vector Object Server

Reviewer: I think maybe this page should be broken into 4 individual pages: Map Server, Map Saver, VO Server, and Costmap Filter Info so that this page isn't so run on. All of them should be under this Map Server index page kind of like how we do the [Smac Planner](https://output.circle-artifacts.com/output/job/cbe0dfcd-3c81-499c-ae90-17e9ef81dd8c/artifacts/0/html/configuration/packages/configuring-smac-planner.html) where we have general info and then subpages for each topic

********************

The Vector Object Server implements a server that puts vector objects (such as polygons and circles) on OccupancyGrid raster map. The output raster map is being published by Vector Object server, and it could be used anywhere in the Nav2 stack or outside it.

> The main application of Vector Object server is to combine output raster maps with existing costmaps of environment, targeting for robot navigation purposes (for example for dynamic obstacles simulation/highlighting, sensors noise removal, black-out areas on maps, synthetic testing purposes, and much more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main application of Vector Object server is to output raster maps of polygon objects or regions with existing costmaps of environment, targeting for robot navigation purposes (for example for dynamic obstacles simulation/highlighting, sensors noise removal, black-out areas on maps, synthetic testing purposes, and much more).
```
